Fixes EXP-3624: Allow coenrollment in Nimbus FML (#5688)
mozilla/application-services: CHANGELOG.md

# v117.0 (In progress)

## Nimbus FML ⛅️🔬🔭🔧

### ✨ What's New ✨

> - Add `allowCoenrollment` to the FML `FeatureDef` and `FeatureBody`. This...([#5688](https://github.com/mozilla/application-services/pull/5688)).
> - Add `getCoenrollingFeatureIds` command to the FML. This command ... ([#5688](https://github.com/mozilla/application-services/pull/5688)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add `allow-coenrollment` property for features in the Feature Manifest Language. This relaxes the feature exclusion rules for features marked with `allow-coenrollment: true`. ([#5688](https://github.com/mozilla/application-services/pull/5688)).
  - This adds a non-user-facing method to the `FeatureManifestInterface`, `getCoenrollingFeatureIds`, in both Kotlin and Swift.
```
